"Flutter Entertainment PLC (ISE:FLTR) entered into an agreement to acquire The Stars Group Inc. (TSX:TSGI) from Caledonia (Private) Investments Pty Limited, Valueact Holdings, L.P., Directors of The Stars Group and others for CAD 8.1 billion on October 2, 2019. Under the terms of the consideration, TSG Shareholders will be entitled to receive 0.2253 new Flutter shares in exchange for each TSG share. Flutter Shareholders will be entitled to receive a 2019 Final Dividend of £1.33 (CAD 2.16) per Flutter share. In addition, Flutter shareholders will be entitled to a Pro-Rated Dividend, reflecting a time pro-rated amount of the total annual dividend for the financial year ending December 31, 2020, to which Flutter shareholders would otherwise be entitled immediately following completion of the combination, Flutter Shareholders would own approximately 54.64% and TSG shareholders would own approximately 45.36% of the share capital of the combined group. In the event of termination, termination payment of approximately £60 million (CAD 97.278 million) will be payable by either party.

Upon completion, it is intended that the combined group’s board will comprise of 14 members. Gary McGann, currently Chair of Flutter, will assume the role of Chair of the combined group, Divyesh (Dave) Gadhia, currently Executive Chairman of TSG, will assume the role of Deputy Chair, Peter Jackson, currently Chief Executive Officer of Flutter, will assume the role of Chief Executive Officer, Jonathan Hill, currently Chief Financial Officer of Flutter, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer, Rafi Ashkenazi, currently Chief Executive Officer of TSG, will assume the role of Chief Operating Officer. In addition, nine non-executive directors comprising five nominated by Flutter, three nominated by TSG and the appointment of Richard Flint, former Chief Executive Officer of SBG. The combined company will be incorporated, headquartered and domiciled in Dublin and will have a premium listing on the London Stock Exchange and the secondary listing on Euronext Dublin.

The transaction is conditional upon approval of the combination by Flutter shareholders; The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin agreeing to admit Flutter’s enlarged ordinary share capital to (i) listing on the premium listing segment of the Official List of the FCA and to a secondary listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin; and (ii) trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market for listed securities and the Euronext Dublin Market; approval of the combination by at least 66 2/3% of TSG shareholders; relevant merger control, foreign investment and gaming related approvals being obtained, including in the UK, Ireland, Australia, the US and Canada, Ontario court approval. Flutter has entered into voting support agreements with the Directors of TSG, Caledonia (Private) Investments Pty Limited and ValueAct Holdings LP under which they have each agreed, subject to certain termination rights, to vote all of the TSG Shares held by them in favor of the combination at a meeting of TSG’s shareholders, which represents in total approximately 23.79% of the existing issued common shares of TSG. The Directors of Flutter have entered into irrevocable commitments to vote in favor of the combination in the relevant resolutions at the Flutter shareholder meeting in respect of their own beneficial holdings totaling 20,552 Flutter Shares representing approximately 0.03% of existing issued ordinary share capital of Flutter. The Board of The Stars Group Inc. has unanimously approved the transaction and intends to recommend that its shareholders vote in favor of the transaction. The approval of Flutter and TSG Shareholders is expected to be sought in the second quarter of 2020. Completion is expected to occur during the second or third quarter of 2020.

The combination is expected to be at least 50% accretive to Flutter’s underlying earnings per share in the first full financial year following completion. Barclays, Moelis and BMO Capital Markets have each provided an opinion to The Stars Group Inc.'s Board that the consideration to be received by its shareholders pursuant to the transaction, is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Anthony Gutman, Nick Harper, Charlie Lytle and Jimmy Bastock of Goldman Sachs International acted as financial advisors and corporate brokers to Flutter Entertainment PLC. Simon Lyons, Don Cornwell, Jonathan Hall and Kush Nanjee of PJT Partners acted as financial advisors for Flutter Entertainment PLC. Daniel Ross, Tom Erlich, Ragavan Bala, Trond Lossius and Michael Greaves of Barclays Capital Canada Inc. and Augusto Sasso, Ramy Ibrahim, Anton Sahazizian, Dan Lee and Alan Aberg of Moelis & Company LLC and Nicolas Brunet, Greg Meligrigoris, Jamie Rogers and David Wismer of BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. acted as financial advisors for The Stars Group Inc. Oliver Lazenby, Deirdre Trapp, Alex Potter, Martin Hutchings, Peter Clements and Alice Greenwell of Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Maura McLaughlin of Arthur Cox, Dennis Ehling and Steven Schrier of  Blank Rome LLP, J.R. Laffin and Ron Ferguson of Stikeman Elliot LLP and Michael Corrigan and Geoff Hoffman of Clayton Utz acted as legal advisors for Flutter Entertainment PLC. Geoffrey Belsher and Michael Gans of Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP, Lorne Cantor and Leon Ferera of Jones Day, Philipe Chappatte and William Turtle of Slaughter and May, Manon Thivierge of Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP, Ronan Lyons and Vincent Power of A&L Goodbody and Luke Woodward and Richard L’Estrange of Gilbert + Tobin acted as legal advisors for The Stars Group Inc.
"
