"SunCoke Energy, Inc. (NYSE:SXC) entered into a definitive agreement to acquire 38.3% stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) for approximately $270 million on February 4, 2019. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, SXCP common unit holders will be entitled to receive 1.40 shares of SXC per SXCP unit. In addition, SXCP common unit holders will receive a fraction of a share of SXC stock equal to the product of the number of days beginning with the first day of the most recent full calendar quarter with respect to which an SXCP unit holder distribution record date has not occurred (or, if there is no such full calendar quarter, then beginning with the first day of the partial calendar quarter in which the Closing occurs), and ending on the day immediately prior to the Closing, multiplied by the quotient of the Daily Distribution Rate divided by $10.91. SXCP’s 7.5% Senior Notes due 2025 will remain outstanding. Following completion of the transaction, SXCP will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SXC. In event of termination, SXC may be required to either pay SXCP a termination fee of $6 million and/or reimburse SXCP for its transaction expenses. As of June 5, 2019, a SunCoke Energy Partners Investor asked a delaware federal judge to block the June 27 shareholder vote on the SunCoke Energy's planned merger.

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions including the approval by holders of a majority of the outstanding SXC common shares and SXCP common units, the effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-4 with respect to the SXC stock issuance, approval of the listing on the New York Stock Exchange of SXC stock, receipt of all governmental consents and approvals as well as customary regulatory approvals. SXC indirectly owns a sufficient percentage of the SXCP common units to approve the transaction on behalf of the holders of SXCP common units. The transaction was approved unanimously by the Board of Directors of SXCP’s Conflicts Committee, the Board of Directors of SXCP’s general partner and the Board of Directors of SXC. On May 24, 2019, Sun Coal & Coke LLC which beneficially owned 28,499,899 SXCP Common Units representing approximately 61.7% of the outstanding SXCP Common Units, delivered a written consent approving and adopting the Merger Agreement and the Merger in all respects. As of June 27, 2019, the transaction has been approved by the shareholders of SunCoke Energy, Inc. The transaction is expected to close late in the second quarter or early in the third quarter of 2019. As of June 27, 2019, the transaction is expected to close before the market opens on June 28, 2019. The transaction is immediately accretive to SXC shareholders.

Rob Pacha, Stephen Worth and John McGraw of Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as financial advisors whereas Michael Swidler and Mike Rosenwasser of Baker Botts L.L.P. acted as legal advisors to SXC. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. acted as financial advisor and John Goodgame, Lisa Hearn, Lisa Garrett, David Quigley, Andrew Oelz, Jocelyn Tau, Gorav Jindal and Matthew Schmitten of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP acted as legal advisors to the conflicts committee of the general partner of SXCP. Morrow Sodali LLC acted as information agent for SXC and will receive a fee of $18,500 for its services. SXCP has agreed to pay $3 million to Citi. SXC has agreed to pay Evercore a fee of $1 million upon rendering its opinion and an advisory fee of $1.5 million upon consummation of the merger. Evercore also received a fee of $0.25 million upon execution of its engagement letter. In addition, SXC has agreed to reimburse Evercore for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees, expenses and disbursements) incurred in connection with its engagement. The estimated fee of Morrow Sodali is $0.02 million, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses. Will Anderson and Charlotte Keenan of Bracewell LLP acted as legal advisor to Evercore acted as financial advisor to SunCoke Energy,Inc. Computershare Trust Company, N.A acted as exchange agent for SunCoke Energy.
"
