"Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (NYSE:BIP) entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Cincinnati Bell Inc. (NYSE:CBB) for approximately $530 million on December 21, 2019. Pursuant to the agreement, each issued and outstanding share of Cincinnati Bell common stock will be converted into the right to receive $10.5 in cash at closing of the transaction. Cincinnati Bell’s shares of 6 3/4% cumulative convertible preferred shares, without par value, will remain issued and outstanding as 6 3/4% preferred shares of Cincinnati Bell, without par value, following the effective time. Brookfield has obtained equity financing commitments from Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III-A, L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III-A(CR), L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III-B, L.P., Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III-D, L.P. and Brookfield Infrastructure Fund III-D(CR), L.P. to fund the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Financing for the transaction will be led by a syndicate of banks including Bank of America, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., TD Securities and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. The transaction will result in Cincinnati Bell becoming a privately held company. Upon termination of the merger agreement under specified circumstances, Cincinnati Bell will be required to pay Brookfield Infrastructure a termination fee of $17.97 million.

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding Cincinnati Bell’s common shares and 6 3/4% preferred shares, voting as a single class, expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the receipt of any required consents or approvals from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, the Federal Communications Commission, state public service and state public utility commissions, and local regulators in connection with the provision of telecommunications and media services and the absence of any legal restraint preventing the consummation of the merger. The transaction has received unanimous approval of Cincinnati Bell’s Board of Directors. The Board of Brookfield Infrastructure has approved the deal. The transaction is expected to close by the end of 2020.

Oliver Brahmst, Henrik Patel, Steven Lutt, Seth Kerschner, Sang Ji, Ian Cuillerier, Kenneth Suh, Andrew Weisberg, Charles Pesant, Justin Wagstaff, Binoy Dharia, Arlene Arin Hahn, Steven Chabinsky, Farhad Jalinous, Keith Schomig and Michael A. Deyong of White & Case LLP acted as legal advisor to Brookfield Infrastructure. Calvin Lam, Jon Yourkoski and Jonathan Greenberg of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Lawrence Chu, Matt Bilge, Dmitriy Aleyev, Connor Brown and Daniel Lee of Moelis & Company LLC acted as fairness opinion providers and financial advisors to Cincinnati Bell. O. Keith Hallam, Jenny Hochenberg and III, Robert I. Townsend, III, William V. Fogg, Stephen M. Kessing, Andrew W. Needham, Christopher K. Fargo, Eric W. Hilfers, Nicole F. Foster, Matthew Morreale, Joyce Law, Brian M. Budnick, Ty A. Carleton, Kelly Nichole King, Kyle R. Jorstad and Anthony N. Magistrale of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, Andrew Lipman and Catherine Wang of Morgan, Lewis & Blockius LLP, and Thomas Bosse of BosseLaw PLLC acted as legal advisors to Cincinnati Bell. Michael Diz of Debevoise & Plimpton LLP acted as legal advisor for Morgan Stanley in the transaction. Jeffrey D. Marell of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison acted as financial advisor to Moelis & Company LLC. Scotiabank, Inc. acted as financial advisor to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. TD Securities Inc. acted as financial advisor to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. 
"
