"Elliott Management Corporation, through its funds Elliott Associates LP and Elliott International LP, (‘Elliott’) entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Barnes & Noble Inc. (NYSE:BKS) from The Riggio Family Office and other shareholders for approximately $490 million on June 6, 2019. Elliott will pay $6.5 per share in cash as consideration per share of Barnes & Noble. Each Barnes & Noble equity award will receive the $6.5 per share consideration less any applicable strike price or exercise price. Each share of restricted stock will fully vest and will be treated in the same manner as all other outstanding shares of Barnes & Noble in the merger. The purchase price represents a value of approximately $683 million, including the assumption of debt. The transaction is the culmination of an extensive strategic alternative review conducted by the special committee of the Barnes & Noble Board of Directors, which was announced on October 3, 2018. The agreement provides for the acquisition to be consummated through a merger structure. However, the parties expect to amend the agreement to utilize a tender offer structure, which is expected to reduce the time to closing by a number of weeks.

Elliott Management Corporation, through its funds Elliott Associates LP and Elliott International LP, (‘Elliott’) entered into an amended and restated agreement and plan of merger to acquire Barnes & Noble Inc. (NYSE:BKS) from The Riggio Family Office and other shareholders on June 24, 2019. Pursuant to this agreement, the parties to the transaction have agreed to revise the structure of the previously signed agreement to provide for the acquisition in an all cash transaction consisting of a tender offer. The offer consists of the purchase price of $6.50 in cash and the other terms of the initial agreement remain unchanged. The offer shall initially expire on the date that is twenty-one business days following the commencement of the Offer. As of july 9, 2019, the offer was commenced.

Concurrently with the execution of the agreement, Elliott obtained debt financing commitments, subject to certain terms and conditions, for a $700 million asset-based revolving credit facility from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of America, N.A. and a $125 million “first-in, last-out” asset-based revolving credit facility from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Carlyle Global Credit Investment Management L.L.C. and Pathlight Capital Fund I LP to finance the purchase, including the payment of all related fees and expenses. The merger agreement contains a keep-shop provision, where Elliott would be entitled to a $4 million payment if Barnes & Noble enters into a deal with a third party before June 13, 2019. Barnes & Noble may be required to pay a fee of up to $17.5 million while Elliott will be required to pay a fee of up to $30 million in the event of termination of the transaction under certain circumstances.

Pursuant to the transaction, James Daunt, the Chief Executive Officer (‘CEO’) of Elliott-owned Waterstones, will assume also the role of CEO of Barnes & Noble and will be based in New York. Closing of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approval, adoption of the agreement by the holders of at least a majority of the aggregate voting power of the outstanding shares of Barnes & Noble common stock, shares of the Common Stock having been validly tendered prior to the expiration of the offer that represent, together with the shares of shares of the Common Stock then owned by Merger Sub and its affiliates, at least one share more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of the Common Stock and expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended. Closing is not subject to a financing condition. In connection with the transaction, Leonard Riggio, the Founder and Chairman of Barnes & Noble, entered into a voting agreement in support of the transaction. The Board of Directors of Barnes & Noble unanimously approved the transaction (and the tender offer) and recommend the transaction to Barnes & Noble shareholders. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2019. As of July 9, 2019, The offer and withdrawal rights will expire on August 6, 2019. 

Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as financial advisor to the special committee of Barnes & Noble. Renee Wilm and Mollie Duckworth from Baker Botts L.L.P. served as legal advisors to the special committee of Barnes & Noble. Guggenheim Securities LLC acted as financial advisor and Patricia Vaz de Almeida, Caith Kushner, Frances Mi, Claudine Meredith-Goujon, Daniel Kramer, Scott Sontag, Peter Fisch, Lawrence Witdorchic, Jarrett Hoffman, Scott A. Barshay, Steven J. Williams and Kyle T. Seifried of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP as legal advisors to the Board of Directors of Barnes & Noble. Credit Suisse Securities L.L.C. acted as financial advisor to Elliott. Jeffrey J. Rosen, Michael Bolotin, Jeffrey P. Cunard, Ted Hassi, Pierre Maugüé, Nicole Levin Mesard, Ramya S. Tiller, Kyra K. Bromley, Timothy McIver, Charles E. Wachsstock and Michael A. Diz from Debevoise & Plimpton LLP acted as the legal advisors to Elliott. Kenneth L. Henderson and Jay M. Dorman from Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP served as legal advisors to The Riggio Family Office. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is advising Evercore partners as financial advisor to Barnes & Noble, Inc.
"
