"The Futura Corporation and Arbutus Distributors Ltd. made a non-binding proposal to acquire remaining 49.05% stake in Tree Island Steel Ltd. (TSX:TSL) for CAD 31.8 million on June 27, 2019. As part of the transaction, The Futura Corporation and Arbutus Distributors proposed to take Tree Island Steel private at a price of CAD 2.25 per common share which is payable in cash. The buyers have ownership and control over an aggregate of 14,699,100 shares, which is comprised of 8,834,850 shares owned and controlled by Futura and 5,864,250 shares owned and controlled by Arbutus, representing 50.95% of issued and outstanding shares of Tree Island. The arrangement would require a special resolution of the holders of common shares to be approved by two-thirds of the shares represented in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders of Tree Island Steel. In addition, the arrangement would need to be approved by a simple majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy at the meeting of the shareholders, other than shares already owned by the buyers. The transaction is also subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions including completion of the satisfactory due diligence, receipt of necessary third party and regulatory approvals and settlement, execution and delivery of definitive agreements. The transaction is not subject to any financing condition. The Board of Directors of Tree Island have established a Special Committee of independent Directors which will engage an independent financial advisor to prepare a formal valuation of the shares and deliver an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the potential transaction to minority holders of shares. The Special Committee is comprised of four independent Directors, Michael Fitch, Joe Downes, Sam Flesier and Ted Leja. The special committee is expected to make a recommendation to shareholders as to whether or not to support the proposal. As of July 10, 2019, the Special Committee of independent Directors has engaged PwC as the financial advisor to prepare a formal valuation of the company to assist the Special Committee in its evaluation of the nonbinding proposal made by The Futura Corporation and Arbutus Distributors. Fort Capital Partners acted as the financial and McCarthy Tétrault LLP acted as legal advisor to both of the buyers in connection with the transaction.
"
