"GIC Pte. Ltd. and Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. reached an agreement to acquire 72.3% stake in Red de Carreteras de Occidente, S.A.B. de C.V. from an affiliate of GS Infrastructure Partners I, L.P. managed by Goldman Sachs Group, Merchant Banking Division for $2.3 billion (€2.1 billion) on October 11, 2019. Pursuant to the terms of agreement, Abertis Infraestructuras will acquire 50.1% stake and will pay €1.5 billion while GIC Pte. will acquire the 19.9% stake. The agreement was ameded on May 3, 2020. Abertis will finance the transaction with available cash and existing committed bank facilities. The completion of transaction will be followed by a public tender offer for the remaining 30% stake held by Mexican investors and pension fund managers. Post-completion, Abertis will control Red de Carreteras de Occidente and will consolidate it on line-by-line basis. The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other customary conditions for this type of transaction. As of March 10, 2020, Abertis and GIC have already obtained the approval of the operation of the Federal Commission on Economic Competition (Cofece) and it is pending to receive in the next few days those of the National Commission on Foreign Investments (CNIE), the National Banking and Securities Commission (CNBV) and the Ministry of Communications and Transportation (SCT). The transaction is expected to complete in first half of 2020. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley acted as financial advisors to Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A. and GIC Pte. Ltd. John D. Franchini of Milbank LLP acted as legal advisor for GIC. S.A. Santander acted as financial advisor to Red de Carreteras de Occidente. Bank Of America Merrill Lynch acted as financial advisor to Red de Carreteras de Occidente, S.A.B. de C.V. Stephen M. Kotran of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP is advising BofA Securities as financial adviser to Red de Carreteras de Occidente in connection the definitive agreement among RCO, affiliates of Goldman Sachs Infrastructure Partners and a consortium formed by Abertis Infraestructuras, S.A and an affiliate of GIC Private Limited. 
"
