"A group led by founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Garda World Security Corporation, Stephan Crétier, other members of management and BC Partners reached a definitive agreement to acquire Garda World Security Corporation from Rhone Capital, L.L.C., Stephan Crétier and others in a recapitalization transaction for an enterprise value of CAD 5.2 billion on July 23, 2019. Under the transaction, 24.92 million class A shares of Garda World Security Corporation will be sold. Stephan Crétier held a minority stake in Garda World Security Corporation. Following the close of the recapitalization transaction, BC Partners will have a 51% common equity interest in Garda World Security Corporation while Stephan Crétier, together with select members of management, will hold 49%. Rhone Capital, L.L.C. will sell its majority stake in Garda World Security Corporation and no longer have any equity participation in Garda World Security Corporation. Committed financing for the transaction is being provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, Bank of America, Barclays and TD Securities, Jefferies, RBC Capital Markets, Scotiabank and UBS. The transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, is expected to close by late 2019. Ryerson Symons, Sebastian Tiller, Jeannine McSweeney, Gary Mandel, Rob Holo, Kenneth Wallach, Brian Rosenzweig ,Ryan Bekkerus, Adam Shapiro, Eli Isak, Lori Lesser, Johanna Mayer, Loren Shokes, Jason Fixelle, Sophie Staples, Leah Nudelman, Melanie Jolson, Michael Isby, Ellen Frye, Kelly Karapetyan and Sara Razi of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP and Séguin, Racine LLC acted as legal advisors to Garda World Security Corporation while Srinivas S. Kaushik,, Dvir Oren, Matthew H. O'Brien, Scott D. Price and Abhishek Kolay of Kirkland and Ellis LLP and Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP acted as legal advisors to BC Partners. Barclays and TD Securities acted as financial advisors to Garda World Security Corporation. Scotiabank acted as financial advisors to BC Partners. Morgan Stanley acted as financial advisor to Rhone Capital, L.L.C. Richard A. Pollack of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP acted as legal advisor for Rhone Capital, L.L.C. Stikeman Elliott LLP acted as legal advisor to Garda World Security Corporation.
"
